Hi my name is Mika Westerlaken-Burge [Student] and I’m going to tell you why you should invest in my business: The 30 minute dine. Have you ever wanted to eat something nice but just feel too exhausted to cook something that takes hours of prep time, that's why you go to a restaurant, right? But if you're exhausted you don't want to wait for an hour or more for food. That's where we come in at  the 30 minute dine we bridge the gap between takeout and high end restaurants giving you the best of both worlds. The 30 minute dine is a personal chef service that can get to your door and cook you a gourmet meal in 30 minutes or less. No reservations. No cleanup. No mess. Why now? This year 62% of urban professionals sought an in-home cooking service and we can be the fastest way to get it. Don't believe me just ask our early access customers who all rated it five stars: Neev Patel, Richard III and Donald Trump. Now, great food shouldn't be for the ultra wealthy. Here's how we made it accessible to everyone. We have 4 tiers of pricing: one-time, dash, swift, and flash for the people who want the maximum out of their money. In the One time order it starts at $60 per meal and you get the still fast but basic service: one side dish, one main meal and one dessert. The dash tier starts at $199 per month. You get a personal chef on standby for any order you throw their way, one free order per month and 30% off all orders. The swift plan is priced at $299 per month and  includes everything in the dash tier and 4 free orders per month, 50% off all orders and it even includes free cleanup after every meal. And then for the people who refuse to compromise we have every amenity we can include with everything in the swift plan but 10 free  meals per month, the fastest response time, the ability to request the same chef as last time, 80% off all orders, and whole meal plans to feed you when you're not home. How can our customers get in touch? We have a contact page on our website and they can email us at 30minutedine@gmail.com. We're not just selling dinner, we're giving people back their evenings. We have the chefs, we have the speed and now we're looking for a partner to help us scale across the whole country.
